Baron Ma doesn't want me anymore
What should we do?
How dare this Baron Li go?
Mother and child, don't worry.
Mom will help you find a good man
I don't want it, I'm leaving the baron
We can't let women get ahead of themselves.
Ah what's wrong with you
No, it hurts.
Mom, I want to die.
What should I do?
If Xiaoxiao has three long and two short
I can always pay for my life
Don't be afraid that little dad will hear the voice
He must have a way to cure your kidney disease.
Ah!
Moon God Doctor has a couple
Please treat their daughter's kidney disease
Which kidney disease?
Hao Minglin's house
You go and make your little one in my name
Are you feeling better now?
Thank you Dr. Moon for saving my life
I'll take a picture of the Five Star Moon Doctor
Xingyue Li Xingyue